clearly there are three points
advanced on the 18th and relegable first
you have to win at home against
Chateauroux 12th clearly on the 15th of
ranking is three points from his
adversary of the day and must make a
result the problem clearly is the
worst home league team
only three wins in front of his
public since the beginning of the season and
to say that clermont was playing the climb the
last season
the Auvergnats still have the
opportunity to take a big step towards
holding in case of success against
Châteauroux Châteauroux 19th of
outside ranking no win
far from their bases for
castelroussins this season it's
maybe the right time to win
for the Clermont de régis brouard
clermont deprived of a lot of players
who could have held janin
bockhorni femen perrinelle bettiol and
mana dembélé will lead the tax d auvergne
1 the first opportunity is
Clermont with this shot
is saved by the keeper of châteauroux
castelroussins that tends to
to suffer from the beginning of the meeting
new good opportunity for clermont
with this head next then this balloon
stopped by the keeper châteauroux a
also a lot of absent guiding
afougou in the heart and sambou are not
on the match sheet all injured
a big worry for castelroussins
who hold as they can
the 0 to 0 but it is dangerous to
turn with an entry into the
interesting repair surface but
a yellow card for simulation
the referee refers everyone to
locker room on this goalless game
it is for the moment a much better
result for the visiting team
châteauroux who stays on three matches
without defeat 2 wins and 1 draw and who
took a very big step towards
maintaining it only needs much
to castelroussins a point clermont
would be an almost definitive step is
maintains for the situation clearly
is very different from the Mons coaches that
have nevertheless regained confidence when
from the previous day a victory 1
0 on the lawn of nantes
a feat because of their difficult season
now it must be confirmed at the
house and it's chateauroux
provides an opportunity with this
hit saved by the goalkeeper of
fabien clermont fabien
the Beninese international was well
present and pay attention to the latter
action of the match maybe balloon that
bounces and ends in the bottom of
netting
85th minute there was not much left
to play and mana dembélé the best
scorer the team managed the only goal of the
match his 13th of the season
it may be the purpose of maintaining
league 2 extraordinary
the goal of dembélé while the
Clermont started to believe it no more
this recovery deviated the castelroussins
really do not have success but
clermont gets into a situation
extremely favorable of Clermont
that it takes all the way to
keep his three points very
important
a last yellow card against
roman sartre does not change anything that's good
clearly that imposes itself 1 0 that makes a
superb operation the maintenance but more
very far for the Auvergne